data access documentation (#2006)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/general-usage/dataset-access/streamlit.md

---

> title: Viewing your data with streamlit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Viewing your data with Streamlit
```

description: Viewing your data with streamlit
keywords: [data, dataset, streamlit]
---

# Viewing your data with Streamlit

Once you have run a pipeline locally, you can launch a web app that displays the loaded data. For this to work, you will need to have the `streamlit` package installed.

:::tip

> The streamlit app does not work with all destinations supported by `dlt`. Only destinations that provide a SQL client will work. The filesystem destination has support via the [Filesystem SQL client](./sql-client#the-filesystem-sql-client) and will work in most cases. Vector databases generally are unsupported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Streamlit app does not work with all destinations supported by `dlt`. Only destinations that provide a SQL client will work. The filesystem destination has support via the [Filesystem SQL client](./sql-client#the-filesystem-sql-client) and will work in most cases. Vector databases generally are unsupported.
```

:::

## Prerequisites

> To install streamlit, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Streamlit, run the following command:
```

```sh
pip install streamlit
```

## Launching the Streamlit app

You can use the `show` [CLI command](../../reference/command-line-interface.md#show-tables-and-data-in-the-destination)
with your pipeline name:

```sh
dlt pipeline {pipeline_name} show
```

Use the pipeline name you defined in your Python code with the `pipeline_name` argument. If you are unsure, you can use the `dlt pipeline --list` command to list all pipelines.

## Inspecting your data

You can now inspect the schema and your data. Use the left sidebar to switch between:

> * Exploring your data (default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exploring your data (default);
```

> * Information about your loads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Information about your loads.
```

## Further reading

> If you are running dlt in Python interactively or in a notebook, read the [Accessing your data with Python](./dataset.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running `dlt` in Python interactively or in a notebook, read the [Accessing loaded data in Python](./dataset.md) guide.
```
